The objective is to develop a psychometric and aptitude test software for different levels of students like school, graduates and dropout students applying artificial intelligence tools, which will help to identify the current status of students and help them for future career counselling purpose. Use existing research papers to understand types of questions to be asked to students and prepare a questionare. Then design a software tool to evaluate the aptitude of the students for each discipline. This questionare needs to be verified by professional psychometric analyst.

To develop a software tool (may be an app/plug-in) that archives the highlighted text from different sources and enable the user to retrieve according to his requirement wherever and whenever required from centralized storage. Description: Now a days the flow of information have been exponentially increased, and the information flow from a variety of sources. When a reader needs to highlight the textual information and use it as and when it is required at later point in time, there exists no tool for him. It becomes even more complex when the source of information is from across multiple platforms, gadgets and applications. Therefore, Bibliophile Companion is proposed to address the problem. The important challenge in this problem is, the information source may be of any type (e.g. .pdf, .doc, .html, etc) and the source of information may be from any environment. To have a centralized access of stored information, cloud infrastructure based solution is to be provided.

Need to search any data from a PDF. Data present in the PDF is a combination of English, Telugu & Urdu languages. The font used for Telugu is Shreelipi and for Urdu is Noori Nastaliq. Format of Data present in PDF will be in .pdf format and some data will be in image format. We need to search the data present in English, Telugu & Urdu languages which is present in Unicode as well as in image format.

Various kinds of disasters such as earthquake, wildfire, flood, heatwave, Tsunami, fire, hazardous material spills, disease outbreaks, etc. cause life as well economic losses. We are looking for a software solution which would be useful in disaster management. Objectives for the solution are: (1) Facility for real time tracking of disaster (2) Facility for updating disaster related information and sending precautionary messages by authorities. Additional features for solution are welcome.

While most of the Agritech start-ups are focused either on supply chain, focus is now expanding to farm and yield management. The area that still remains UN-explored is the “stubble left after grain segregation”. Stubble burning is an alarming issue today in North India. We need to design a solution which can streamline and automate the process of stubble collection, transportation to desired location, notifications around stubble pickup and delivery, tracking of stubble disposal in a more environment friendly way.Try solution around automated farm images, forecast the stubble production and help business to identify stubble production and purchase the same and track how stubble is being disposed off or used.



Pavement Condition Index is required to be performed to identify the road condition and further to take the maintenance or upgradation of the work.
